1. Intro
M: Emma will you sing a song with me? 
The words are on this paper, it's a very simple melody

E: Matthew won't you come and visit me?
I know you're bad at dancing, but just one dance will mean everything

M: Emma will you reminisce with me?
Yah high school was the worst but I don't wanna forget anything

E: Matthew tell me how I can be happy?
I'm sick of all these stupid men, they always ruin everything

M: Emma can you learn to stay on key?
I am trying to be famous and you're hurting my chances b

E: Matthew can you kill the ego please?
We both know who the talent is, you can sing the harmonies

B: Emma will you sing a song with me?
Maybe if we're lucky we'll end up singing on TV
Singing silly songs and making history
E: I'll be Debbie Harry (M)and I'll be the rest of Blondie

M: My turn! Emma, thanks for being friends with me
Everything we've been through, it's been five years you've put up with me
And I cherish our memories, so thanks I guess for saying no when I first asked you to go
out with me

M: Cause that would have been awful
E: Yah, agreed

2. Cute Song #1

E: We drove to Santa Barbara for the weekend
M: Except we didn't drive because you don't have a car
E: You learned to love and I learned to love my weaknesses
M: Yes, I learned to swim and you learned to trust your heart

M: We drove to San Francisco for the summer
E: We spent way too much time locked in our room
M: You learned what love is and I learned that hummus is a game-changer
E: Yes, I learned to grow and you learned yourself a heart

B: We're not in love, we're much too smart
We're much too young, our fragile hearts
Are growing longer and stronger and older and bolder and wiser and more involved with each other
But we ain't in love, not yet, we don't fall fast

M: We ran away to Vegas to gamble it all away
E: We lost the money, but we made it all back the next day
M: You learned to fight and I learned to listen to you
E: You pushed me hard, but darlin' I needed the push

E: We moved to San Diego to start a family
M: We moved to San Diego to settle down
E: I found a house
M: and I found a job
E: And I called my mother
M: and I called my pa
B: And we built a great big life with each other
We learned to live this life with each other
We don't fall fast, but I'm just glad we fell at all

3. Cute Song #2 (The Jodie Foster Song)

M: This song is for Jodie Foster
I would shoot the President for you
In fact, I'd shoot anyone for you
And this song is for Jodie Foster
I would shoot the President for you if you asked me to

E: And this song is for Tera Cafro
Why the fuck are you in Mexico getting drunk on your own?
And this song is for Tera Cafro
What the hell are we supposed to do without you?

B: And I would do anything for you
Would do anything for you if you asked me to

E: And this song is for Donald Etheridge
I read 18 books over spring break
For just a passing grade
And this song is for Donald Etheridge
You're my favorite teacher, I hate you
Go to hell, I'll meet you there

M: And this song is for Mr. Pope Francis
Thanks for granting my dog salvation
He appreciates it
And this song is for Mr. Pope Francis
Will you baptize my bible with your sharpie?
You're my hero

B: And I would do anything for you
Would do anything for you if you asked me to

E: And this song is for Ruth Bader Ginsberg
I'm sorry to hear about your friend
I've never lost a friend
And this song is for Ruth Bader Ginsberg
I'm sorry to hear about your friend
But there's a beginning to every end

M: And this song is for anyone listening
I'm so proud of you for existing today
I know it's hard, but it'll be okay
And this song is for everyone listening
I gotta lotta love to give, I'm gonna give my love away
Cause love we don't give is wasted

B: And I would do anything for you
Would do anything for you if you asked me to
M: If you asked me to
E: Me too!

4. Wash

Into the street with sand on our feet
I can't stand the sunshine on concrete
You tell me it's simple philosophy
Finding beauty in the little things

"Come back to sleep and I'll dream you downstream"
And your morning voice sings to me gently like fallen trees
I'm following you like you're falling for me
I stay quiet for you, but I never fall back asleep

I really only ever want this with you
I really really only want this for you
(I couldn't ever be there for you)

I gaze towards the moon and she gazes towards me
Through the telephone static, she's whispering
Choreography and the ocean is listening
And I realized that maybe she's moving me too

I let it wash over me, under me
I let you watch over me, under me